# Nothshore-Logistics-Ltd-sql-project
Northshore Logistics Ltd is a medium-sized distribution company that operates a variety of warehouses and delivery hubs across the country. At the current moment this company relies on paper-based record logs and email communication with each hub operating independently on separate spread sheets. This causes problems such as slow response times which can cause shipment delays and leave much more room for human error. This is because the use of paper-based logs and email communication takes much longer to give clearance and keep up to procedure with upcoming shipments to give clearances for example. Communication conducted via email leaves much room for mistakes in human written documentation which can cause some shipment services to arrive at incorrect locations, as an example, staining the brand with a poor reputation. Therefore, Northshore Logistics Ltd requires a centralized database to allow for faster operations with accurate data to keep up with services and limits the possibility of human error with incorrect data being passed on. This Is because in a real-life scenario shipping instructions and problems need to be addressed, reported and solved in real time without waiting for responses from emails. This project aims to achieve a reliable easy to use relational database that can store and retrieve data efficiently to be used to log and respond to shipments Northshore Logistics Ltd make, using PyCharm and SQLite.

thgis project uses a terminal GUI system
password NorthShore
